---
title: May 10th Meeting Minutes
parent: Schedule and Planning
nav_order: 13
---

Atendees: Jesse, Andi, Satvik, Hiro, Hikaru, Jerry

Objective: Discuss functional requirements. Edit and polish them up.

- Discussed the functional requirements written out by everyone
  - Defined the language that needs to be used to be able to have a comprehensive requirements page
  - All group memebers understodd what the format is going to be for the requirements page
 
- Goal for next meeting
  - polish up all functional requirements to be uploaded onto the website officially.  
